Used N/N, Topic
N,Have you done anything exciting lately?
N,What was the last good book you read?
N,Do you listen to any podcasts? Which is your favorite?
Y,Have you been on any interesting trips lately?
N,What is your favorite movie and why
N,If you didn’t have the job you have now, what would you be?
Y,What’s your strangest hidden talent?
Y,What is something people are always surprised to learn about you?
N,If you had no budget, where would you go on vacation and why
N,What’s the best thing you’ve ever bought off Amazon?
N,What is one thing you can’t live without?
Y,What is your favorite book of all time?
Y,How many countries have you been to?
Y,Would you rather be really hot or really cold?
Y,What’s your favorite sport?
N,Doing anything fun this weekend?
N,Do you have any pets?
N,If you could move anywhere, where would you go?
N,What was the last movie you saw?
N,What do you normally do for fun?
N,What hobby do you wish you had more time for?
N,What did you want to be when you were a kid?
Y,Tell me about one thing on your bucket list.
Y,What is one thing you wish you could do that you know you probably never will?
Y,What’s the biggest risk you’ve ever taken?
N,Tell me about the most life-changing piece of advice you’ve ever heard.
N,What’s the hardest thing you’ve ever done?
N,What made you choose this as your career?
N,What was your first job?
Y,What is the worst piece of advice you’ve ever gotten?
N,What’s the best prank you’ve ever played on someone?
N,What food do you hate?
N,If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Y,What’s your best tip for saving money?
N,What’s your favorite thing to do on your day off work?
N,What do you do to get rid of stress?
N,What three words best describe you?
N,What did you do on your last vacation?
Y,What were you really into when you were a kid?
Y,What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
N,Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
N,What is the silliest fear you have?
Y,What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
N,How often do you help others? Who do you help? How do you help?
N,What makes you nervous?
N,What’s the worst fast food restaurant?
N,What is the fanciest restaurant you have eaten at?
N,Where is the most awe-inspiring place you have been?
N,What is the worst hotel you have stayed at?
N,What was the best invention of the last 50 years?
N,How many kids do you have? What are the up to these days?
Y,When do you want to retire? What do you want to do when you retire?
Y,Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
N,What is the biggest holiday for your family and why?
N,What is your favorite cuisine or type of food?
